Possible error of Compilation with
NetBeans
only in case of errors when combining
the project, you can try to clear the netbeans
cache. To find the cache path on
your PC, depending on the operating
system that you have, you can follow the
next steps. To see the NetBeans cache
path open NetBeans, go to Help and select
About. This shows us the catche
directory, according to the operating
system that we have. We take this path
and follow the next step. Once the path
is found, delete the cache folder. After
that, close and reopen NetBeans and try
to compile the project again. If it
doesn't work uninstall and reinstall
NetBeans again. As we said, these steps
are only in case of problems